Feature Type Taxonomy (FTT)

Attention! The content of this taxonomy still needs to be paraphrased to avoid copyright issues. 
Also! We might need separate guides to explain the physics and other properties of each feature type. It might not be obvious for
non-engineers.
Also! (pt. 2) We need to add examples to each feature. The original includes examples, but it would be better to add our own. 

Physical Features
	1.  Parts - Identifiable components of focal entity
	2.  Material - Material make-up of focal entity or its parts 
	3.  Shape - Overall shape of focal entity or its parts
  4.  Symmetry - An important but often overlooked characteristic of the shape of a focal entity
	5.  Size - Length, width, depth of focal entity or its parts
	6.  Color - ...of focal entity or its parts
	7.  Texture - ...of focal entity or its parts
	8.  Aroma - ...of focal entity or its parts
	9.  Number - Number of components of a certain kind of the focal entity or its parts
	10. Mass - ...of focal entity or its parts
	11. Weight - ...of focal entity or its parts
	12. State of Matter - (Solid, liquid, gas, plasma) of focal entity or its parts
	13. Connectivity Among Parts - Physical connection among components of the focal entity. This 
      feature is based on the chair when it is not being used. An inert chair possesses this feature 
      of its parts being connected in some way.
	14. Spatial Relations Among Parts - Distance and direction of one component to another of the focal 
      entity. Again, ,this feature is based on the chair when it is not being used. An inert chair possesses 
      this feature of there being spatial relations among the parts.

Use-Based Features
	15. External Relations - Relations of focal entity to environmental entities during a particular use of the focal entity 
	16. Environmental Partners - Environmental entities that the focal entity is used with during a particular use
	17. Motor Relations - How a human physically manipulates the focal entity or its parts during a particular use
	18. Causal Relations - During a particular use, the cause-effect sequence set off among the parts of the focal entity as well as 
      between the focal entity and its environmental entities
	19. Place - The typical physical locations that the focal entity resides in during a particular use
	20. Occasion - The typical contexts that a focal entity resides in during a particular use
	21. Energy/Forces - During a particular use, the types of energy and forces in play both within the focal entity as well as 
      within and among the environmental entities
	22. Perspective - The typical physical viewing point that a human takes with respect to the focal entity during a particular use
	23. Time - The typical time-frame (e.g., milliseconds, hours) that a focal entity occupies during a particular use
	24. Motion - The typical type of motion engaged in by a focal entity during a particular use
	25. Permanence/Transcience - How long the focal entity tends to last as it is used
	26. Superordinate - The more general classification of the focal entity based on its typical use
	27. Subordinate - More specific versions of the focal entity based on its typical use
	28. Synonym (based on use) - Other entities that can achieve the same use as the focal entity
	29. Space - The spatial relations between the focal entity and the environmental entities during a particular use
	30. Orientation - The spatial orientation required for the focal entity to achieve its use (a very important sub-case of overall 
      spatial relations)
	31. Side Effects - Other effects besides the desired ones that are produced while the focal entity is in use
	32. Sound - The sound emitted by the focal entity during a particular use
